Update settings.md (#370)
actualbudget/docs: docs/tour/settings.md

### Experimental Features

> Be careful with this section; you might encounter irrecoverable errors if you enable these settings. But if you want to test out some bleeding-edge features, here's your place to do it. We _highly_ recommend backing up your budget before continuing, just in case. As of [24.6.0](../releases.md), the current available experimental features are:

Reviewer: I'd recommend somewhat future-proofing this string.  It will be mostly accurate, and then just the list below needs maintained moving forward.

```suggestion
Be careful with this section; you might encounter irrecoverable errors if you enable these settings. But if you want to test out some bleeding-edge features, here's your place to do it. We _highly_ recommend backing up your budget before continuing, just in case. As of the [latest release](../releases.md), the current available experimental features are:
```
